So we're handling the user ID now,
now let's use it in the post list component.
There we are already setting the user ID,
now we can use it in conjunction with the creator information we have on every post.
Keep in mind in the posts service, we are extracting that creator from the response we're getting back
from the server and we're storing it in the posts which we handle in the post service,
so this should work.
Therefore in the post list component, every post which we render onto the screen should have that creator
ID in it
and we also get the user ID,
so now if we go to the template, we should be able to add an extra condition to this ngIf statement.
I want to show these buttons if the user is authenticated and if my user ID,
keep in mind that is this property here, if my user ID is equal to the post creator field, whoops, creator
written like that. Now it's creator because in my post service, I'm adding this field here.
You see that we get an error in the template though and that error is stemming from the case that our
post model which we're using doesn't have that creator field,
so let's add it here.
I'll add this creator field which also is a string.
I guess it's a pretty boring model,
everything is a string
but it's not that uncommon actually.
So now we have the creator field here too, in the post service, we now have an error down there
where we actually update a post because there, we're not sending that creator ID
and that's important of course. When we update a post, we want to keep that creator ID.
Now actually I will just set creator here to null.
Now we could definitely take the ID of the user who is currently logged in but that would open the
window for the user to manipulate that
and I don't want that,
so instead I want to handle this on the server.
If we go back to the server to my posts.js routes, when we update a post here in the put route, I of
course want to add the creator field again
but I will take that from the user data we have in the request and there, from the user ID, just as we
do it when we create a post up there.
So I want to handle this on the server side so that this can't be faked on the client side.
We're still now fulfilling all the post model requirements in the post service and in the post list
component,
this means that the error now is gone.
So now we're checking for that equality,
I'm getting an error here though in the post create component,
there we indeed have of course a post which we are trying to load when we are editing a post and there,
we are simply missing that creator field.
So let's add a creator here,
post data creator. This is failing because in my post service where we are getting that single post here
with get posts, I'm not adding it or I'm not specifying that extra field which will be returned by the
server.
So let's add it here,
creator which is a string will now also be part of that response object we're getting
and now with that, we got that creator field added here because we know it will be part of the response
we're getting back when fetching a post
and with that, our app should be working.
Now if we go back and I'm logged in and I create a new post,
I can hit save post of course and I should be able to see edit and delete here and I'm not.
Now let's switch user real quick,
if I login with a different user, then I also don't see it,
well that's correct at least
but of course we should see it if we login with the creator of that post.
Now I see it but I didn't see it
right after I created a post.
Let's check this again. If I try this again,
create another new post,
here we got it and here we got it too, so
it might have just been a reload problem. Again
let's switch the account to the user who did not create that post.
There the edit and delete buttons are missing
but if we create a new post here, let's see if we see the edit and delete button for that then in the next
page.
There we have them, edit and delete, if I go back to the previous page,
there they are missing,
so now our front-end check is working too. Always keep in mind, this is not really a security mechanism,
this is really just to provide a better user experience and protect the user from running into errors
where we know they would happen.